MFLT-9332 Update docs for Linux Log Collection first release (v1.4) (#447)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/logging.mdx

If your fluent-bit sources generate more keys that you need to save, add them to
this list. They will be visible in the memfault dashboard and searchable.

#### `logs.compression_level`

Log files are compressed using the Deflate algorithm before writing to disk.
This setting controls which compression level to apply.

- 0: No compression.
- 1: Fastest compression
- 9: Best compression

> The default is 1. After some in-house testing, Memfault believe this is the best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is 1. After in-house testing, Memfault believes this is the best
```

compromise of CPU-cost to space saving for most use-cases.

#### `logs.max_lines_per_minute`

> This setting controls how many lines per minute will be saved before discarding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting controls how many lines per minute can be saved before discarding
```
